---
title: "Petition Against Essays"
slug: "no-essays"
date: "2020-11-18"
---

A petition against essays (for me)

So, I have a problem of sorts. Every week, my Dad is compelling me to write an essay about something. It was fine the first time because it was a new thing to do. The second time was also ok, but the excitement was wearing off indefinitely. I did write about breakfast, which was fun, but it took me all week because I didn't enjoy it that much. And now, I'm doing the third essay, which is this one, and I'm not enjoying writing this. Today is Tuesday, and this essay was supposed to be due Sunday, meaning a few days ago, so here we are. That's my point! This task of writing every week is an emotional burden on me, consistently pressuring me into penmanship on a computer, and one day, I'm going to snap, with my head exploding like an overripe squash getting heated in an industrial-sized oven. 

So, I petition to stop this madness! All I need is your signature on the petition. To help me stop the constant barrage of words haunting my sight every day. We need to emancipate from the brutality and the tyranny of essays. Who cares if I have to write one? Why? Why should I be subjected to the horror of splattering words on a sheet of non-existent paper to satisfy the need of a starving consumer's eyes. I ask myself, "Why do I need to sweat about my grammar and endlessly pore over sentences on a screen?" So say it with me. End irrelevant and useless essays. End the need for 500-word pieces of work. End the paragraphs of repetitive content, written with the intent of filling space and escaping the drudgery of having to write. Help me win this war against the overbearing dictators we have come to know as "Essays" Thank you for listening to my Ted Talk.