---
title: "Winter and cold things in general"
slug: "winter"
date: "2020-11-23"
---

When a conversation with some people or a subject in class comes to seasons, and I get asked which season I prefer the most, my answer is always winter. I mean, you see the word "winter" everywhere. For instance, Wintergreen, Winter solstice, Winter season, and that's about all the "winter-y" things I can think to list. I mean, what's not to like about the cold season? Not the "cold" season as in the ailment, but cold as in temperature. In winter, there's hockey, Christmas, Advent, a few hours long mass at night until midnight, Christmas Eve excitement which is a bit dampened by the Christmas mass, cookies, baking, decoration, parties (none this year, which $!#%^*! sucks), and all the presents. 

Ok, granted, I didn't mention all the kindness, giving, you get the gist. That goes without saying, right? I mean, year-round people are preaching to be nice to everyone. You've got teachers in school, the priest, beggars, random strangers that like to point it out sometimes.

I know that the police also have kindness as a part of their mission statement. However, as of now, that's hypocritical of some cops considering that there's a lot of police brutality stories circulating on social media, but then again, not all cops are mean. 

Right now in Canada, the last week of November is when it usually starts to get colder and starts snowing a bit. And as of typing this, I am in the last week of November, and it had just snowed heavily a few hours ago. And I don't mean powder snow, I mean packing snow. The snow that's normally turned into snowballs. 

Anyway, I've got a theory. In 1939, when the Soviet Union invaded Finland, which was named the Winter War, the Finnish soldiers somehow staved off the attack (even though the Russians had superior military strength, especially in tanks and aircraft), and pushed them back into Moscow. Long story short, Maybe the Finnish soldiers used snowballs against the Russians. What if they hid grenades in them?

Well, thanks for reading my essay about winter and cold things in general.