---
title: "A short synopsis of Hamilton: An American Musical"
slug: "hamilton"
date: "2020-12-08"
---

Hamilton is a sung-and-rapped through musical which portrayed the life of Founding Father Alexander Hamilton. The show draws heavily from hip hop, as well as R&B, pop, soul, and traditional show tunes. The show also had non-white actors cast as the Founding Fathers and other historical figures. Lin Manuel Miranda described the musical as "America then, as told by America now."

Since the opening on Broadway, Hamilton received critical acclaim. It premiered Off-Broadway, at the Public Theater, on February 17, 2015. The musical won eight Drama Desk awards, including Outstanding Musical. Then it was performed at the Richards Rodgers Theater on Broadway, opening on August 6, 2015, where it received positive reviews and high box office sales. At the 2016 Tony Awards, Hamilton received a record-breaking 16 nominations and won 11 awards, including Best Musical. It also received the Pulitzer Prize for 2016.

A production of Hamilton in Chicago began previewing performances at the CIBC Theater in September 2016 and opened the following month. The West End production opened at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London in December 2017, winning seven Olivier Awards in 2018, including Best New Musical. The first U.S. national tour began in March 2017, and a second U.S. tour opened in February 2018, and Hamilton's third U.S. tour began January 11, 2019, with a three-week engagement in Puerto Rico featuring Miranda as the titular character, Hamilton.