---
title: "A rejection of Death"
slug: "death.md"
date: "2021-05-09
---

Here I am, on death’s doorstep, lying in a hospice bed with my family comforting me. As I am ready to die happy, I feel weird. Then I hear in my ear, “Sorry, we’re full right now, please try again.”

My initial reaction was to look around and see which one of them was messing with me. They all seemed a bit sad, and the two people closest to my ears weren’t close enough to say anything without everyone hearing it. But the strange thing was, I started feeling a bit healthier than I was before I listened to the mysterious sentence. I started panicking a bit, thinking that I wasn’t going to die, but the absurdity of that thought quickly pushed it out of my mind. After looking around the room a bit, I must’ve seemed distressed because everyone started to fuss over me. After making sure I was okay, everyone resumed their spots around the room and watched me. After a few minutes of that, I started to feel a light breeze, and I saw the light above me, not too close and not too far. The nurse must have seen my wandering gaze because she called in the priest to give me my last rights. As he finished them, I took one last look out the window and breathed my last. 

The next thing I knew, I woke up in a chair. The chair was placed in what looked like a lobby from a hotel, but everything and everyone seemed dead. I figured this is what everyone experienced at the end of their time. I sat in the chair for a minute just drinking in the scene when I noticed a water cooler labelled “Deathly Refreshing Lemonade,” which seemed odd, having lemonade in a place like this. Especially since everyone seemed to steer clear of it, after some contemplation, I decided to try the lemonade, which tasted like ordinary lemonade but made you feel very heavy in the stomach. It wasn’t bad, but it felt like I just ate an entire meal. The other thing I noticed was a queue in front of what seemed to be a check-in desk that had a clerk behind it, so I lined up as well.

After waiting for 20 minutes, I walked up to the desk, and they said, “Sorry, there is no space available as we are still processing souls. Right now, you can either take a rain check on dying or wait for 300-500 business days in our waiting lounge. I asked what the waiting lounge was like, and they said, “Just a couple of chairs and waiting.” I decided I would take a rain check, and the clerk said I would get a summons the next time I died to discuss my placement in the “Hotel Afterlife.” But the clerk asked me if I had any hurry to get back up because some people might be cremated or buried, so best have them wake up before those happen. I said I’m getting buried, and they understood right away. So they snapped their fingers, and a very tall, menacing, and deathly looking figure, who I assumed was Death, looked at me, and swung his scythe towards me. I remember the feeling of a piece of tape being cut and blacked out.

I woke up in a coffin at my funeral, aware of mourners and the ceiling. The coffin was very comfortable, and it felt very soft. I suddenly remembered that it was an open casket, and people would most likely be freaked out if they peered in and I said hello. So I decided to sit up in the coffin and say in graceful tact, “I’M BACK FROM THE DEAD BABY. WHOOOOOOOOO!!!!!”
