---
title: "A short story"
slug: "short-story"
date: "2021-01-05"
---

Our story starts in a modern day town house, focused on a kid named Aiden. This particular child loved video games, and aspired to be a professional gamer. And a part of that dream was acquiring the best gaming gear he can get. But, since he was only a teenager still depending on his parents, Aiden had to start small. He had it good, no doubt, with an amazing keyboard and mouse, a decent pc, and a decent headset. But the next thing he wanted was a better microphone, so he started asking his dad for one. But his dad was reluctant at first, making excuses to brush off his son by complaining about the price, or how it make no difference, saying that it would be useless and just take up space. He would even completely ignore or bounce around the question at times. But then came December, and Aiden was making moves. He had recently acquired Steam, the game streaming platform, and had gotten a ton of money for Christmas, so he decided to treat himself on games. He was still trying to find a way to get that mic, but soon, an epiphany dawned on him. The only way Aiden was going to get that mic was if it went on sale. Aiden was still waiting and waiting for the mic to go on sale. But seeing as it had not during the time he was checking vigilantly, his hope started to dwindle, and at points where he even gave up all hope. Then one morning, Aiden woke up to a sunny sky and checked the price. It had dropped! The miracle brought sheer joy to Aiden on that sunny morning, lifting his spirits as high as it could go that day. Soon, his dad learnt of the sale and ordered the mic for Aiden. The rest is, as they say, history.