---
title: "Man On The Street - Bob Dylan"
slug: "bobdylan2"
date: "2021-10-24"
---

This essay is my interpretation of Bob Dylan's song _Man On The Street_ _Man On The Street_ was a song from 1961 on the album _Bob Dylan._

> I'll sing you a song, ain't very long,
> 'Bout an old man who never done wrong.
> How he died no one can say,
> They found him dead in the street one day.

This first stanza seems a bit dark, where it just states that the song is about a man he found dead on the street. I don't understand why he's just writing a song about finding a dead body, like how I sometimes see dead birds or squirrels on the street. Maybe it's the mystery behind this scene, like when he says _"How he died no one can say, "_ that gives him the excitement for writing this. Maybe the next few stanzas will provide us with a further understanding of this.

> Well, the crowd, they gathered one fine morn,
> At the man whose clothes 'n' shoes were torn.
> There on the sidewalk he did lay,
> They stopped 'n' stared 'n' went their way.

This paragraph says to me that the man was mauled in some sort, and left for dead in a violent fashion so that rules out any sort of medical problem. 
Having his clothes and shoes torn simply implies that someone or something had attacked him and given him grievous injuries. I feel kind of bad when I read the next two lines because it says that a bunch of people had just gathered to inspect the corpse without doing anything else. It was almost as if the body was just a spectacle for everyone's viewing pleasure and it should be kept that way.

> Well, the p'liceman come and he looked around,
> "Get up, old man, or I'm a-takin' you down."
> He jabbed him once with his bully club
> And the old man then rolled off the curb.

Now it is totally confirmed that the man is dead, as he might have been play-acting before, but now there is an increase in the chance that it is actually a corpse. This is the first and only interaction with the body that I've seen in the entire song, besides when the policeman calls for an ambulance. So it seems as if the policeman came to disperse the crowd or see what the commotion was, and ended up confirming the state of that man. He poked the lifeless body with his _billy club_, which is actually a baton, and the body just rolled off without a reaction. The cop even gave the body a warning as if he was making sure it was totally dead before taking any drastic measures. This reminds me of Jesus's crucifixion when the Roman soldier stabbed Jesus in the side with a spear to make sure he was dead.

> Well, he jabbed him again and loudly said
> "Call the wagon, this man is dead"
> The wagon come, they loaded him in
> I never saw the man again

This paragraph basically caps off the entire song, because it says that the _wagon_, which was basically the ambulance without the medics back then, came over and took the body. This is the second last paragraph, and I think this is the complete end of the story. The last paragraph after this is just a little goodbye sort of thing, I'm not sure how to explain it, but I don't see it relevant or tying into the rest of the song. Being as that may, I'll just summarise the entire song here. From this context, I'm not really sure whether this was true or not, but it does seem as if Bob really saw the events unfold before him. So it was a morning where there was a dead body, and then it was carted off, presumably to the morgue. After that, I think Bob carried on with his day, and possibly went to write the song. 

> Well, I've sung you my song, it ain't very long
> About an old man who never done wrong
> How he died no one can say
> They found him dead in the street one day

Like I said in the previous paragraph, this last little bit of the song was more of an outro and like a recap of what was sung, which was Bob retelling the mysterious death of an innocent old man, one that should not have happened, and that it was found in a street.

