---
title: "Pop ice"
slug: "ice"
date: "2021-10-11"
---

So do you know that feeling, whenever you're are at a party, social outing, or just chilling at home with a cup full of pop(soda/soft drink) in your hand? Then you realize you had been slowly sipping it while the ice in your drink has melted, leaving that taste of diluted soda in your mouth. I have been keeping this matter in my head for many months, and when the situation first arose my curiosity, I came up with a solution.

Ok, now this might sound like one of the dumbest things you have ever heard, but four out of five people have agreed with me that the answer to the conundrum makes sense. Granted, those five people were my friends, but that's beside the point. So what I devised that night at a party was why not make ice cubes out of the same flavour of pop? So that way, when it melts, it adds more pop to the pre-existing amount, not diluting it at all! And even if you do finish the drink before the ice melts, you have tasty ice cubes. 

When I told my dad about this last night, my dad immediately said, "Let's try it." And so he went out, bought a little bottle of coke, and then we poured it into our ice mould. It is ten in the morning on Thanksgiving day when I'm writing this, so the pop should've frozen by now. The downsides of freezing pop, though, are a pest. If the pop were to spill in your freezer, then it would be a massive mess in your freezer. Other than that, I can't think of any repercussions to it.

So yeah, that's all for this week, happy Thanksgiving!
