---
title: "Zeus is a prankster"
slug: "greek"
date: "2021-05-24"
---

 Somehow I got teleported into the world of Greek mythology. As I arrive in a city I hear a loud voice screaming “RUN! It’s Zeus. Quickly hide all your women, animals and yourselves”.

At first, I was in a confused daze as to how I got here in the first place. I was just taking a stroll back to my house when I stepped on one part of the sidewalk, and the world around me turned into a whirlwind of objects until I landed in the middle of a panicking Greek town. It took me a few seconds to register what had just been shouted,  but I had read enough Greek mythology books in my childhood to understand what it meant.

Zeus is lord of the sky, head of the 12 Olympians and the strongest god. He has an excellent knack for running off with other women, as his wife Hera, a goddess, can attest. I didn’t understand the animals part, really, but I understood the “hide yourselves” part. If Zeus just randomly came to a town, it usually meant some woman had caught his eye, he was going to nuke someone, or just in a generally bad mood and would obliterate the entire place with the force of a thousand suns. The lightning bolt that he wields is the equivalent force of ten nuclear bombs. And he has multiples of them.

After I snapped out of my thoughts, I looked up in the sky and saw a bright light flying down to near where I was. So I started to run the other way. Running towards a potentially angry god was not a very smart decision. I managed to find a bush and crawl behind it. It was a sizable bush, and I realized that the bush had a tiny space I could crawl into. So I got on my hands and knees to shuffle inside of it. But before I could get inside, I heard a boom and a thunderclap, followed by lightning. A moment of silence passed, and my heart skipped a beat. Then I heard a sound that I didn’t expect. I heard cheering. “What?” was my first reaction. Remembering the panicked yell of that man, I had inferred that Zeus came to wreak havoc on that town. After clocking that information, I shook the dirt off myself and got out of the bush. Then I started to run towards the town. As I entered the main road, I saw quite a spectacle. It turns out that the man who yelled the warning in the first place was a swindler and huckster that had been preying on the simpletons in the town. Zeus came to incinerate him personally and not lay waste to the town. The people were still cheering and pointing at the pile of ashes that had once been the cheat. Zeus was still standing there, beaming in the adoration of the citizens, when I realized that this could be my chance to get an explanation as to how I got here and how I could get out. 

So I pushed my way through the crowd and managed to get to Zeus. I looked at him and I completely froze. From a distance, Zeus just looked like a big man. But up close, he had an aura that commanded a sense of respect and awe. I tremblingly asked him, “Um, Mr. Zeus? I have a question for you.” He heard me and turned towards me and said, “You seem very different compared to the people of this town. Are you a foreigner?” This question caught me unawares for a split second before I gathered my wits and answered, “Uh, yes. I don’t belong here. I belong to the 21st century. I was just walking on a sidewalk in the modern world, and I teleported here. Do you have any idea as to why? And if you do, can you maybe get me out? Please?” After pondering for a moment, Zeus looked back at me and said, “Oh, you’re the fifth one this week. So the damn Oracle was right. She did say that there would-be visitors. Well, I suppose the only thing I can do for you is what I did for the others”, Zeus explained, “I’ll have to blast you.” That was the moment when I looked like a deer in the headlights. I just stared at him, and then he stared at me, and we both held our gaze for a minute before he burst out laughing. “I’m just kidding,” Zeus said between gasps of breath, “I just need to teleport you back with a snap of my fingers. You’re also the fifth one to fall for it this week!”
