---
title: "24 Sussex Drive"
slug: "24sussex"
date: "2021-01-28"
---

My dad wanted me to write about 24 Sussex Drive, the Canadian prime minister's official residence. But, the house is in a terrible state as of now, and the repairs will cost around 40 million to revitalize it back to a good condition. However, people are torn between two sides. One cites that the house should be torn down and rebuilt completely, but the other side argues that it holds a lot of history and heritage, as previous Prime Ministers have resided in it. Here are five reasons people think the house should be restored and five reasons people think it should be demolished.

Why it should be renovated:

Historical importance
One of the main reasons they want the house to be renovated instead of demolished is the amount of culture. Many Prime Ministers have lived there for their tenure as their position of the Prime Minister, and people think that it should keep that way for future generations of PMs.

That is the only reason I can think of to keep 24 Sussex Drive still going because the rest are just cons. It's very costly for just one house, which is a lot bigger sum needed to keep the other official residences going. So now, let's move on to the cons.

Why it should be demolished:

The cost
As I stated before, the cost to repair the house is around 40 million dollars. 24 Sussex Drive is also part of 6 official residences in Canada - Rideau Hall, 7 Rideau Gate, Harrington Lake, Stornoway, and The Farm - that would cost around 175 million dollars to keep the other homes from deteriorating as well.

The overall reasons to demolish it
This ties in with the cost, but from doing some research, I learned that the plumbing has frequent problems, and the electricity and heating systems are fire hazards. Also, from an article I read on The Star, 24 Sussex Drive is the same house that his parents separated in. And it seems as if Justin Trudeau has already made his position on the situation final. The Rideau Cottage, where he lives right now, has seen about 3.6 million dollars in upgrades and improvements to the place since he and his family moved in almost six years ago. 

Reputation
Another thing I forgot to touch upon was the possibility of backlash. The Prime Minister could face a lot of negative feedback across the country if he does decide to spend 40 million dollars on repairs. After reading several articles, I'm convinced that most people who take on this topic think the Prime Minister should demolish 24 Sussex Drive. It may also impact his chances in the next election. Trudeau himself stated that he plans to lead the Liberal Party in the 2025 election. 

Soon, I think Justin Trudeau will have to make a final decision on the estate. I don't know how exactly he'll handle this, but I'm sure he will weigh out all the options and proceed with the choice that'll best suit his future.



