---
title: "Magic Book Store, revamped"
slug: "store-magic.md"
date: "2021-04-26"
---

I was in a magic book store, and I left my wallet somewhere, and now I have only $20 to dig through the discount section. That is not good. I  don't know exactly how much of a "discount" a discount is in a Magic book store, mainly because I haven't seen a price yet. 

It turns out it is a discount section because everything here is under 10 dollars! That's great! Hopefully, I can buy something that helps me find the wallet that still enables me to buy a pizza. I can taste it right now. A large, warm, succulent pepperoni pizza. Hot, melted cheese, and soft, supported by a firm yet supple dough. I should stop thinking about pizza. I'm making myself hungry, and I forget about the task on hand. I need to find a book that aids me in locating a lost wallet. This had better go swimmingly; otherwise, I'm going to be hungry, cranky, and down $69.

Anyways, I need to get a move on. There are 20 shelves of books in the discount section. WHY?!?!?!? IT'S THE DISCOUNT SECTION. Ah well, what can you do? Ah yes, I found the "Retracing your steps and finding lost things" section, which sounds oddly specific. But, the good thing is that there is an isle for that, so that's where I'm headed. 

I finally found a book titled "How to find lost items for dummies" It Sounds a bit degrading, but that's alright. Oh great, it's $5. Ok, hopefully, this will work like a charm. I spent 30 minutes looking for this book, which was right at the end of one of the most extended shelves in the store. Ok, this is BS. Now there's a line at the cashier, and there's only one cashier. Amazing. This feels like something in a run-of-the-mill comedy show about some guy that makes dumb mistakes on a daily basis. I suppose the only thing besides cutting the line is to wait out the line, and that's boring, and my patience is being tested big time. Oh wow, the line is moving at one customer per hour. How long can this possibly take? People are buying a few books, not bulk shopping at Costco, which moves surprisingly fast with excellent efficiency. Back to the point. BORING. I'm going just to tune out and go back to thinking about pizza.

Well, it's officially been 5 hours since I queued up to check out, and that's pretty much a third of my day gone! This sucks. But it's finally my turn now, so I can happily buy my book and get the hell outta here. Oh man, this guy must not have done his homework because he's taking forever to count out my change. This is probably why the line has been moving at a snail's pace. But it's whatever, he gave me my $15, and I just realized it's only $13. Man, this guy is making me miserable. But it's ok, I got the correct amount of change now, and I'm heading outside to see how to find my wallet. 

So it turns out that the book is a spell that locates your lost item immediately by giving you a mental compass, a slight ringing when you're too far away, and a soft pinging noise when you're close. It also highlights the object when you're close, which I think is pretty neat. Alrighty then, a good kickoff to the start of this manhunt is that I discovered a tiny convenience store to my immediate right. So I went inside to get myself some energy-boosting consumables, like a few cans of Redbull, Gatorade, and some snacks. I also got some candy and stuffed it all in my magic pouch, which expands and contracts depending on what I need. It can also hold an infinite amount of items and STILL expand and contract. 

Back to the point. I need to get started now if I want to get home before sunset. Hunting in the dark for my wallet in a vast "Magic Book Store." is not something I want to be doing. Time to head back in. Here is all the intel I have. I know that there are 20 floors, 20 sections on each floor, and 20 employees staffing each floor. Hunting for something in a book store might seem a bit suspicious, so I need to do this stealthy. So I donned the most inconspicuous disguise I know. My hat turned backwards. I could just be some moody teenager wandering through a library because they had nothing else better to do.

And in I went, to the belly of the beast. The book told me to head to the 15th floor, which seems odd because I never set foot on the 15th floor.  But then again, this is a magic book store so that things can teleport all over the place and such. Now, the compass is pointing me to the 14th aisle, which is also very odd. As I headed towards the aisle, I felt a soft, pinging noise in my ear, which increased in volume as I crept closer to the aisle. By the time I was in the middle of it, I had seen my wallet highlighted and the pinging noise coming in steady intervals. And there it was, wedged between two books that were both related to financial crises'. How befitting. Anyways, it was time to get out of there, and I booked it home, as I had run out of snacks and was hungry as hell from this little adventure.
