---
title: "Salsa Jar"
slug: "salsajar"
date: "2021-06-07"
---


This week's topic will be a salsa jar, meaning I will be talking about a salsa jar. Let's begin.

Starting with the lid of the salsa jar, there is not much to say. It just seems to be a standard steel lid. It has a packaging date, best before date, and a safety button. The safety button ensures the consumer that the jar hasn't been opened or contaminated yet. The safety button works in a way that, whenever the jar is opened, the button will pop up, and you can hear it pop. That happens because the jar is sealed with pressure, so when the lid is twisted off, the pressure gets released, and the button pops. '

Moving on, let's examine the jar. Made out of glass, the jar looks like a mason jar, which is a pretty sturdy jar. The reason for salsa being stored in glass jars is because salsa is made very hot to kill microorganisms. When it's produced fresh, the manufacturers put it in the can as soon as possible to lower the chance of microorganisms getting in. The jar has to be made of glass because if it was made of plastic then it would melt, due to the high temperature.

The third part of the salsa jar is the label. Y'know, the piece of paper that wraps all the way around the jar, the nutritional values, ingredients, marketing slogans, the name of the product, the company, and the barcode. The front of the jar has the name of the product, "Salsa", and under it, "Mild", and under that, it says, "Douce", which means mild in French. Above that, it says, “President’s Choice,” which is the brand that manufactured the salsa.  Most products I see have the English name of the product and then the same name in another language.

 Below that, in the bottom left of the front label, it says 3 things there. “650 mL”,”CoR”, and “Mild.” The first one describes the quantity of the jar. 650 mL means that the jar has 650 mL (milliletres) of salsa in it. The tiny “CoR” stands for Kashruth Council of Canada, more commonly known as CoR. That’s the [official kosher certification](https://www.cor.ca/view/42/about_us.html) agency in Canada, meaning if they decide that some food product is kosher, then they put their label on it to ensure the consumer. 
Then the small “Mild” has a miniscule pepper with a green circle, meaning it’s mild. On the right side of the front label, there is an enlarged picture of the product, and underneath, there is a label that says, “Suggested Serving”, which obviously means that’s the way PC suggests you serve the salsa. 

If you rotate the salsa jar slightly to the left, the ingredients list is in full view. The ingredients list is just listing what’s in the salsa. Pretty self explanatory. Also, there’s a french one under the english version. 

Turn it a bit more to the left, then you see the nutrition facts. This includes serving size (english and french), calories, nutrients, etc. Here is a link on how to understand the label easier: https://www.unlockfood.ca/en/Articles/Nutrition-Labelling/Understanding-Food-Labels-in-Canada.aspx


The serving size is how much you should have compared to what you actually eat. So let’s say you eat 5 grams of whatever, then you should eat the equivalent amount of that, but with whatever number the chart says.

Calories is just telling you how many calories you will take per serving. The daily value percent is how much of the nutrients you will take if you eat it daily. The last part is the, “Try to get more of these and less of these.” It lists which nutrients you should try and get more of, such as vitamins and iron. And the nutrients that you should get less of are salt, saturated fat, etc.

And that’s about it for the salsa jar. Hope you enjoyed. [If you would like to see or maybe buy the salsa, click on this.](https://www.presidentschoice.ca/product/pc-salsa-mild/20309646003_EA) Here's an image of the jar just for fun. ![https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.shop.loblaws.ca%2Fproducts%2F20309646003%2Fb3%2Fen%2Ffront%2F20309646003_front_a06_%402.png&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.presidentschoice.ca%2Fproduct%2Fpc-salsa-mild%2F20309646003_EA&tbnid=oenxDGTH31rqeM&vet=12ahUKEwjHn5SU24bxAhULB6wKHTDpB2IQMygAegUIARCuAQ..i&docid=zj9h8TymKBe6fM&w=560&h=560&q=pc%20salsa%20jar&ved=2ahUKEwjHn5SU24bxAhULB6wKHTDpB2IQMygAegUIARCuAQ]
