---
title: "My new collection"
slug: "rtx"
date: "2021-09-05"
---

I am a modern teenager, and I know what is valuable. So I glance back at my hoard, a neatly stacked pyramid of Nvidia RTX 3000 series video cards.

At last, my journey is now complete. I have amassed a collection of GPUs so mighty that the entire gaming world is trembling beneath my might. Finally, after years of slaving away at a Popeyes, I had been able to quit that job and revel in my glory. Taking one more look at my PC and imagining a plethora of possibilities, I picked an RTX off the top of my stack. As I eased the glorious Nvidia artifact out of its casing, I writhed in anticipation. Unfortunately, being the techy mogul I am, I realized that I would be targeted once I leaked this information. I would have to go to the fullest extent of willpower and self-control to not brag about this feat to anybody. As that thought passed my head, I opened up my pc to install the GPU.

After I had put it in and went through all the nitty-gritty, my PC was ready. So, when I had finished opening up all my applications and everything had loaded, I booted up my first game with the RTX. Feeling powerful, I saw the black screen fade in with the golden logo of CS: GO. Going to the video settings, I turned a few things up a notch from the previous lower levels. When I had finished finicking with that, I queued into a competitive game. While sitting in my lobby waiting for my queue to find a match, I took in how nice everything looked. I could see all the details of the terrorist agent on my screen, including the AK-47 he was holding. It all seemed so surreal, as if he was a real-life mini character standing right in front of me.

My marvellous stupor was broken by the alert sound that CS:GO had found a match for me. Slowly clicking the big green button labelled "Accept," my game started to load me into the competitive game. When the server had finally let me in, all my surroundings rushed at me like a monsoon. The vibrance of colour, the contrast of the sky, the individual textures of the buildings around me made me feel so hyped. This is what complete and total victory felt like. At this point, it didn't even matter to me if we lost or not. I just felt so at peace that all my hard work had finally paid off. And the funny thing was I had multiple of these graphics cards. So I could profit from them, as they would be in high demand, and I could get a better price than the marker is selling them for. By this point, I was feeling inner peace. But now, I had felt entirely blissful.

However, I hadn't noticed my teammates yelling at me to get my head in the game and stop messing around. Snapping out of my mesmerizing trance, I saw five enemy players rushing at me with their pistols. I prayed to God that I could clutch up and pulled the trigger.

I missed all my shots and died. So I guess new graphics don't mean new skills :p
