---
title: "2021 Canadian Federal Election"
slug: "politics"
date: "2021-09-19"
---

As Canadians may or may not know, there is an upcoming election. This means that candidates from various parties will run for office on September 20th, which is tomorrow. So while I am working hard during high school, Canadian citizens will be casting their votes to decide who will be the next Prime Minister. Seeing this opportunity, my dad made me write an essay covering the different platforms that the Liberal, Conservative, and NDP parties are speaking from. So here we go:

The Liberals:  
  
  $10 a day child care
  1.4 MILLION new homes
  Free booster shots
  Wanting to hire 7,500 nurses and doctors.
  Wanting to hire 50,000 Personal Support Workers with a $25 an hour pay
  Taxation is equalized, especially big banks and wealthier individuals
  An improved Employment Insurance system that provides better financial security to freelancers
  Working towards ending plastic waste by 2030

All these points seem reasonable, and I know some people are very enticed by the $10 per day of child care and the construction of homes. However, I feel like those go hand-in-hand, considering people who usually don't have such excellent living conditions need better and cheaper child care options. I don't care, however, as I have no interest in politics, but I would probably side myself with the Liberals if I had to choose. 

The Conservatives: 

Creating job opportunities in the economy and the country
  Increase transparency to end Liberal cover-ups
  Create a national three-digit suicide prevention hotline
  Protecting Canada from threats and future pandemics
  Growing back the economy after slow progress under the Liberal government

What I found interesting here was how aggressive the Conservatives looked. In the NDP and Liberal campaign platforms, neither party mentioned anything outright against another party. But here, the Conservatives went right after the necks of Trudeau and his party. Looking at the campaign platform of the Conservatives, there's not anything here that I see different from past promises from the Conservatives, except maybe the suicide prevention hotline and creating jobs, which are good ones. 

The NDP: 

For the NDP, I looked at their website and decided I didn't want to read all of it because there were seven parts of their platform to look at, and most of it seemed almost the same as the Liberals and the Conservatives. However, I know that the NDP's main idea is to make working easier for employees.

Well, I have nothing else left to say, as politics never interested me in the slightest. I would still watch the announcement of who won, but I won't be super excited or anything if the Liberals won. So yeah, that's about it.
