---
title: "Alien landing on Halloween Day"
slug: "halloween"
date: "2021-07-19"
---

Out of the spaceship came a grenade. Nothing special, a standard M67 grenade, but lethal all the same. It went soaring through the air, landing at the back. All the kids looked at it momentarily and broke ranks. None of them made it to 10 metres before they were ripped apart by the shrapnel, while the other people outside the blast radius only sustained minor injuries. All the other kids that didn't get killed or maimed backed away from the explosion, blood, and the spaceship. Mr. Brooks, however, climbed up the spaceship and peered inside. Just as he was about to turn away, a column of flame erupted from the mouth of the spacecraft, engulfing Mr. Brooks' head and stripping his cranium of its flesh, leaving nothing but a blackened and charred skull at the top of his body. It seemed as if it took forever for his body to fall, curving gracefully through the air, finally hitting the floor.  

Mayhem ensued in the next 5 seconds. Children were screaming, the teachers scrambling to call 911 and yelling for the students to be calm. Then, a vast hulking monstrosity with an acute muscular build emerged from the smoking entrance. Slowly, it rose until it was standing like an eagle perching atop a mountain. I can't describe what happened next. An earth-shattering war cry emitted from its maw, and we could see the air in front of it vibrate. It jumped down and, with inhuman strength, swiped at the masses of students in front of him. They fell like pylons. We were nothing but insects to this invader. Another swipe. The cinderblock near where it crashed was obliterated. Another swipe.
The ground was torn up beneath it, sending chunks of debris through the air, rocking us to the core as they landed. Through the haze, I got a clear look at it. "It" was the best word to describe it. It didn't resemble a humanoid or any other shape I've seen. It was clear it had muscles as I could see them rippling across his body. Its face was horrifying. There was a vortex where his mouth should've been and dim flashlights where his eye sockets were supposed to be. Its hands were both claws. It was a glutinous blob with claws and a face, unlike anything. I almost laughed despite the situation.

And then something happened. It was as if it knew I had seen what it was like, and had to make sure that I	 or any other human could not have that knowledge. It started making thunderous steps towards me, shaking the ground as it advanced. Then, not even 5 feet before me, it raised a claw to strike. I prayed, "Dear God," and cursed. So this it ended. I envisioned it. I would get killed, just another one contributing to the tally. After that, it wouldn't stop. The world was in flames and then breaking apart and exploding in an exodus of dirt, rock and ash. As the claw came down, I heard a beeping noise. Then my eyes snapped open. I was in my bed, safe and sound. I got up and turned off my alarm. I looked at the date. Friday, October 30th, 2020. "Oh," I thought, "It's Halloween day for school. Let's see what Mr. Brooks has planned for today."

The End.
