---
title: "Elementary school timeline"
slug: "grad"
date: "2021-06-14"
---



Junior Kindergarten, aka "JK" - I remember little to nothing, to be honest, because my kindergarten years took place in my still-developing brain, which couldn't contain much more than what I ate that day and what I did at school that day. Sometimes, I don't think I could even remember that back then. I do remember that I had half days, so what would happen is my grandma would feed me lunch, and then I either took the school bus or was driven there. But, again, I can't seem to recollect. The thing is, the school bus now and then is different. The kindergartners, which is my class, had an entire bus just for us. However, one year the principal changed that, so every grade rode on the same bus. 

Senior Kindergarten, aka "SK" - Nothing. Completely nothing at all.

Grade 1 - I also can't remember much, except that it was just advanced kindergarten.

Grade 2 - Same thing as above, more advanced grade 1.

Grade 3 - I still don't remember much, but I also forgot to mention that there were bits of personnel change with my classmates. I can recall that I had a lovely lady for a teacher named Ms. Adato who left the school later that year. 

Grade 4 - I cannot remember much here, but I had another friendly teacher named Ms. Edwards. There were also these 3 kids that just created chaos, and that's about it.

Grade 5 - Oh man, where do I start. Grade 5 was an enjoyable year because we had an excellent teacher named Mr. Kapular that was good. After all, he was strict. He made everyone hand in their homework on time, and if they don't, he cracks down on them publicly so they won't do it again. It was also a good year for my grades. The thing is, even though he was very strict, he was still fun. We played games at the end of the day sometimes, and I remember 2. One of them was called the country game, where you have to name a country that starts with the first letter of the previous country. So, for example, if I said Canada, the next person would have to say Cambodia. But the rules were no repeat countries; if the country had the same letter at the beginning and end, then the country would be dictated by the second letter in the name. There was also a 10-15 second time limit. If you went over the time limit, you had to sit down. Or you could accept defeat early and say something to tell everyone the previous person had bamboozled you. 

I also remember signing up for the school's W5H team, a 5 students + 1 teacher squad that went to a school to test our knowledge against other schools. It had some buzzer system, and if you buzzed before the question guy finished stating the question, then they would stop abruptly, and you would have to answer the dangling sentence. We came close to winning a few matches but eventually placed at the bottom. One moment where I completely whiffed involved the question, "Which famous singer lives in Neverland?" I quickly smacked the buzzer and, with the confidence and bravado of a lion, answered, "Elvis Presley." I got a few strange looks, and then the question guy said something along the lines of, "Wrong. The answer is Michael Jackson" My teammates poked fun at me for that after the match because of the definite answer and the even bigger bungle. What kills me is that if I didn't buzz, someone else on our team could've buzzed and gotten the response right. That one didn't sit well for the rest of that day.

Grade 6 - Eh. That's all I have to say. It wasn't good or bad; it was just meh. I think of it as the bride or the border check from Gr. 5 to Gr. 7. The funny thing was, my Gr. 6 class was a mix of some Gr. 6's and Gr. 7's. The other Gr. 6's were in another class with another teacher, so I was in a split class. My friends and I remember this stupid religion pop quiz where one of the answers was, "Song of songs." I think that's the only test so far where I got below 50%. 

Gr. 7 - Fun year. The teacher was overall great. His name was Mr. McGouran. I participated in the school soccer team, so that means I went to the tournament. I didn't do much except watch because there were many better players on the team, so yeah. Our team won every game, and I'm pretty sure we made a kid on one of the other teams cry. But the funny thing was, the easiest team we played against was a bunch of 10-11-year-olds, while the rest of the teams had 12-14-year-olds that were bigger, more experienced, and skilled. The only reason that school had to send their younger soccer team is that their Gr. 7 and 8's were away on some field trip. I remember doing that I got an assist on the game-winning goal by intercepting the ball and passing it up. It was cold and raining by that time, so that meant the grass was all wet and muddy. And it was kind of scary to take away that pass from 2 larger players that looked as if they could slam me into the ground in an instant. It still felt gratifying to help thought. 

After that game, my teacher and coach, Mr. McGouran, drove one of my friends and me to a Dairy Queen close to our school. I and my friend I already had our money out to pay because we thought Mr. McGouran was just there to drive us back, but apparently, he likes chocolate and ice cream too, because he ordered a "Chocolate Lover's." This is where I kind of messed up, though, because he surprised both of us by saying, "Don't worry guys, I got this one." I guess my brain kind of froze because I ordered a large, "Royal Oreo Blizzard," which was 7 something dollars. And then Mr. McGouran ended up paying for it. I felt a bit scummy when he charged his card because I knew that I could've changed my order and stopped him from paying 7 dollars for some ice cream I probably didn't deserve, and then have him use his car and gas to drive me back to school. I tried paying him back, but he refused because he's just like that. A very kind and bubbly personality, and I hate the idea that it's possible anyone would disrespect him. 

When I got back to school, it was the end of the day, so I had to sneak home my fairly tall blizzard under my coat. Thankfully, no one found out, and it didn't melt in the cup, so I got to finish it at home and enjoy it. When the next round of soccer came around, we matched with a team that out-skilled us in every way. Well, they entirely outmatched me, at least. Even after they secured the win by being 2-3 goals ahead, they kept putting them in the net. Two dads got into an argument about our team changing goalies mid-game, and I think they had to leave the court.

Grade 8 - Grade 8 is still going really well for me, even though I'm currently doing it virtually. It started off in school, and then a short period of online learning, then about 2-3 months of in-school until our Christmas break, which was for 2 weeks, and then we had to do another few weeks of online until March break. At this point, many people were thinking that it would be the same 2020 situation again, where the education minister would announce that we are going into another lockdown and schools are shut down. I don't actually remember what happened, but I think we did, in fact, go back to school until our Easter break. I can't place many memories up until recently as well because everything has just blurred by.

My teacher is entertaining and helpful because he teaches us well and he's funny. He doesn't seem to like work much as well, because we do fun things in class. He lets us move our desks closer, so we can help each other. And in September, when it was still hot, he let us go work outside in the shade with some nice breeze. Everyone enjoyed that because the classroom would get really heated, and in Mr. Brook's words (my teacher), "It's not only student abuse but also teacher abuse." Even while we are learning virtually, he can send out work and grade it and get it back to us because he's always stated he's not very techy. Sometimes I think he says things just for fun, and he makes it known that he has many of his own opinions. And even though he sometimes bends the rules a bit, he abides by them most of the time, and whenever he evades the chains of the law, it's for fun and harmless. 

He has a short fuse regarding him disrespecting him or anyone else he doesn't want to be. And when he wants to discipline people and really wants to teach them a lesson, he will yell at them in front of everyone. But when there's a bad situation, as someone said something they shouldn't have or anything like that, he will get furious and try his best to rectify it or cease it any further. I saw that happen a few times myself personally. 

He also likes winning a lot because there was this one competition between all the faculty members where a few got eliminated each week, and the last one got a prize. The prize was highly sought after by Mr. Brooks because whenever we asked him what it was, he replied with, "A prize of unimaginable value," or "It's better than food or money." So I'm pretty sure we're still left wondering what it could be.

During his teaching us, through random questions of digressions, we learned about his food preferences. He hates some fruits, such as an apple, but he loves others, like oranges, I think. Some fruits he's not very opinionated about, but he likes burgers immensely, Whoppers from Burger King, to be specific. I forgot about the rest of his food preferences. 

So overall, my time in St. Theresa's Shrine was something I would never give up, from all the Play Days, freezie and popcorn sales, gym periods, treats, Carnaval's (which was a French carnival traditionally held annually in Quebec) and snack bins, it has nurtured me into the person I am today. 
I would like to thank all my teachers, principals, and even janitors, for keeping the school running well and helping me with whatever I needed. But as the saying goes, "All good things must come to an end." And that's right. It's time to end one chapter and start anew with high school. Another four years to add to my compendium of education.
