---
title: "Ship of Theseus" 
slug: "theseus" 
date: "2022-02-13"
---

The Ship of Theseus is a thought puzzle, or a paradox, in which it begs the question, "If an object that has had all its components replaced remains fundamentally the same object." My dad also gave me an article about a dying person getting a pig heart transplant. Today's essay will be about what I think makes a person, even if there is a physical change.

First of all, there have been countless transplants of whatever body part for humans. It could be a limb or an organ, but scientists and medical workers have found ways to replace them to keep someone alive. However, the transplanted body parts have to come from another person's body, and that means shortages will always be present. For instance, in the case of the pig heart transplant, a dying man agreed to a last-ditch effort of having a pig heart used in his body. It was a first in medical science, as past attempts to use animal organs have failed because of the human body rejecting the animal body part. 

The doctors were very thrilled with the operation being successful, as it kept the man alive and seemed to be working normally. The heart came from a genetically modified pig and the transplant happened months after surgeons managed to successfully attach a genetically engineered pig kidney to a brain-dead person. The pig's heart had some genes deactivated to make it fit for the transplant. Four genes were deactivated, including one that had a molecule that caused the human rejection of the animal organ. Then a growth gene was deactivated, so the heart wouldn't age anymore after it was put into the new body. On top of that, 6 human genes were implanted in the donor pig to make the pig's organs easier to handle for the human immune system.

The reason that pigs are used more commonly instead of other animals is that they are easier to raise and reach adult size in 6 months. It's also common for pig heart valves to be used in humans, as well as porcine pancreas cells for some diabetes patients. Now, does this mean that the man with the transplanted pig heart is still the same, or a different person?

While I was explaining the pig heart transplant and the relation to the Ship of Theseus question, I developed my own opinion on the matter. I think a human can get every part of his physical body transplanted, their limbs, their organs, their muscle fibres, etc. Anything except for the brain. If they still have their brain, I believe they are still the same person. Soldiers that go to battle and come back with missing body parts get new ones, like a mechanical arm. They're still the same person as before they went, albeit with a new arm. Some things might have changed in their personality, but at the core, they're still truly themselves. If, however, a person had their brain transplanted, it's not them anymore. That brain is someone else's and the person's personality and memories and whatnot reside somewhere else. 

In faith, people refer to this as the person's soul. Catholics think that it is your soul which controls you, and it is the soul that takes all your sins and faith to heaven. In Egyptian culture, a person's soul is their body, meaning that they don't need a brain in the afterlife. That's why during the ancient Egyptian burial process the brain is removed with a hook and thrown out, but the internal organs are mummified in canopic jars because they are put back in the body in the afterlife. The body is also mummified because the ancient Egyptians believed if the body decayed or was destroyed, then the soul of that person was also gone. 

To end this essay, and reiterate my stance, I think that you can lose every physical body part and have it replaced, but if you still have your brain in your head, you are still yourself.




