---
title: "Lunch"
slug: "lunch"
date: "2021-02-07"
---

The meal that symbolizes the tipping of the clock from morning to evening is lunch. In my opinion, however.

I think lunch is a great thing. You can have all sorts of food items for lunch, and my favourites are pizza, sandwiches, hotdogs, burgers, and so forth. A bonus is whatever food you can think of from dinner or breakfast, is a can have for lunch! Didn't have breakfast but it's lunchtime? Evolve the greatness of breakfast and lunch and roll it into brunch!

As you can see, there are almost endless combinations of meals that you can enjoy during the lunch hour. But as always, there's a catch. This goes for breakfast as well. Dinner, not so much. If you eat something that upsets ur stomach for lunch, hoo boy. You are in for a bad day. And a long day, cause normally lunch is the middle of the day. Some people skip lunch, but we aren't talking about the people that don't enjoy lunch or can't get to it. 

Lunch can be a needed pick me up after an exhausting morning at school or the office. I know for sure lunch is very welcome at a 9-5 office job. I'm sort of going with the stereotype here, but it's whatever. Just imagine you got to work 20 minutes late and your boss was a bit peeved, and on top of that, your colleagues are a bit pissed cause they caught some flame for it as well. Then, you plop your sorry butt down in your cubicle for the next 3 hours after being chewed out by your boss and co-workers. I don't care what planet you're from, but that has to put a little dampener on the start of the day. However, the clock strikes 12 and you're finally free. The time has come for your stomach to get some filling. So you open up your lunch container that has day-old pizza inside of it. As the lukewarm pizza touches the taste buds on your tongue, the brain starts to alleviate some of the stress it has endured. Everything, including the numbers, words, texts, emails, faxes, etc. are slowly drifting away. Then comes the disappointment when your lunch break is over and the cold dawning of work has come upon you again till 5pm.

Anyways, enjoy your lunch.
