---
title: "holidays man"
slug: "holidaysman"
date: "2021-01-04"
---

This essay will be talking about the long and arduous journey I braved to acquire my Christmas present. The events that put this in motion occurred last year, which I will explain.

Last year, or two years ago, in 2020, I had wanted a USB microphone because that was when I used to record videos. So while looking at what YouTubers had, I did some scouting and set my sights on the Blue Yeti. The Blue Yeti is a premium microphone with a premium price tag, coming in at 200 dollars. I had some second thoughts about asking this from my dad, but my conscience got the better of me, and I went and showed my dad the mic. It was safe to say my dad didn't exactly jump at the prospect of an exciting 13-year-old begging for a 200 dollar piece of speaking equipment. And it was also useless to ask because we both knew I didn't need it. I just wanted it because it looked fancy. But I was soon brought to the stark reality that there were no plans to purchase the microphone for me, news which I took lying down. But my dad went looking for cheaper options that could be a more suitable product to buy. After about a week of back and forth from opportunities brought up by my dad and me, I found a similar mic to the Blue Yeti. I suggested the smaller version of the Blue Yeti to my dad, the Yeti Nano. It was basically the same thing as a Blue Yeti, with some features not present on the Nano. But the Yeti Nano was $110. My dad thought I didn't need such a pricey and professional-looking microphone to talk to my friends, but I was still insistent on it until we compromised and found a mic on sale for $50, which I still use to this day.

Fast forward to Christmas day 2021, and I'm unwrapping my gifts. I'm delighted with what I got this year. Then my mom handed me the gift my parents gave me, and I had no idea, so I waited with excited anticipation. I was hoping to be what I had started wanting shortly before Christmas, but I didn't tell them, and the dimensions of the box looked different from the shape of my other wish. Once I ripped off the wrapping paper and slid my gift out, I marvelled at the site of a Yeti Nano. My dad said that since I wanted that mic so direly last year, he decided to get me an upgrade from the Fifine USB mic I was using. However, I was confused because I already had a mic that I expressed contentment with. I then told him that, and we went back and forth about whether I wanted the mic or not, and in the end, he said to me that he kept the gift receipt in case I didn't like it.
I said that was fine, so we agreed to go back to Best Buy someday and refund the mic, and I could get another gift with it. I instantly thought of what I wanted, and I told him right away. I desired the Logitech G Pro X Superlight, a gaming mouse from Logitech, and one that weighed 60 grams. It was also wireless and had the best sensor and wireless connection. But all that came with a price. And a hefty one it was. The damn mouse cost $200, and Logitech sold it in an immaculate white finish, too(It also came in a black finish, but the design of the white one looked better on my black mousepad). But my dad and I went back and forth, and we both agreed that I should look for other options. My secondary idea was a steam gift card, but that idea was shot down, so I went back to scheming about getting a new mouse. After doing some research, I found out that the G Pro Wireless is the same thing as the Superlight, but the Superlight has some things taken out from the G Pro Wireless to make it lighter, hence the name "Superlight." But since the price was so high, I gave up my aspirations and set my sights on the G Pro Wireless. You would think that's the end of that, right?

NO. My dad went searching for other ways to get a Superlight at a lower price, and so he went to the ever-trusty Kijiji. There, he found a guy selling the Superlight at $150. A nice discount, considering what Logitech was marketing it at and the scarcity of other sellers. So my dad messaged him on Kijiji, showing him his interest, and waited for his response. Around that time, we learned Best Buy was selling the G Pro Wireless at a discount, going from $180 to $130. It was then I realised I had to make a choice. I could either wait for the Kijiji seller to respond, or I could just play it safe and buy the G Pro Wireless, which was on sale until December 30th.
I decided to chance it because I had about three days before the sale ended. I told my dad that the deadline was December 29th, one day before the sale ended. He agreed that it was a good plan, and so we waited. December 27th came, the day after my dad messaged the Kijiji guy, and he responded. However, they told us it was available, and when my dad said we were ready to pick it up, he went silent again. Another day went by, and I started to get cold feet. But on December 28th, the guy replied and said, "sorry for the late reply. holidays man." My dad found this quite humorous and told me about this. I can't recall whether or not that was the day he told us he was out of town, but that's another piece of information we received. When my mom asked for an update, he said to her that the guy said he was out of town, and then he quoted, "holidays, man."
After that, I couldn't wait any longer, so when December 29th rolled around me, and my dad and I went out to get a G Pro Wireless from Best Buy. I didn't expect that what I thought to be a smooth journey had some roughness. The first Best Buy we went to didn't have the mouse. The guy I asked for help with suggested that we could order it, but that was about it. Then we went to another Best Buy, which was bigger and had more gadgets to look at, but I went straight to the Logitech gaming section out of panic. When I got to that aisle, I looked for the mouse and panicked a bit when I didn't see it at the top, where some mice were out on display. But when I looked at the shelf below it, I saw the mouse. And the funny thing was that it was the last one there. So I had managed to snag the last mouse and get out with it. And I'm happy I did because I don't know what would've happened if I just took a little longer at the first Best Buy. But, I guess we'll never know, and I'm okay with that. Now since I have finished the essay, I'm going to play with my mouse. 
