---
title: "Pursuit of happiness"
slug: "happiness"
date: "2021-11-28"
---

This week's topic is the pursuit of happiness. My dad just said to write about the "pursuit of happiness." When he said that, I had no idea what to write, and I still don't. The only things that came to mind when he said that were the movie "_The Pursuit of Happyness_." The other thing was trying to find inner happiness. 

The inner happiness is found by unveiling things that make your life more manageable and more fluid to help deal with your everyday routine. Another thing that I realized is, from the movie "_The Pursuit of Happyness_," the plot is about a man trying to provide for his child while chasing after his dreams, which he succeeds at. 

I don't know what else to say about this matter either. My dad gave me this topic, so I would spend some time thinking about it, but I don't know what else I can say. One thing I know for sure is that what the pursuit of happiness is can never be answered. It's a philosophical subject, or maybe for someone with a lot of time on their hands (philosophers). People can always approach this question the same as other questions like, "What is the meaning of life?" or "Is there a God?". The examples shown are all enigmatic samples of inquiries made that are made for people with interest. And I am not one of them.

I think I have done my best here because if I tried to sit here and write more, it would bring down my mental state even more. Also, I have to sit through 2 and a half hours of English tomorrow, meaning I have to prepare myself for that mentally. None of this is helping, and I already feel like I'm trying to fill a bucket with holes full of water writing this essay.

And with that being said, I shall go shower and sleep. Goodnight!

