---
title: "Counting in French"
slug: "counting"
date: "2021-04-05"
---

Counting in French isn't that hard; it's just coming to know how to form letters and how to pronounce the words themselves.

Now, this will be a little hard because it would be way easier to do this orally, but since this is an essay, I will do my best to explain this the best I can. Whenever I spell out a French number, I will say it and have the English pronunciation beside it in brackets. Anyways, let's start with the basics.
I will tell you how to count from 1-19 first because 1-10 is part of the first 69 numbers. I will also list zero, but I don't think it's used in any numbers, so don't worry. But be aware that the way I pronounce it may be slightly different from how other people pronounce it.

Zero - zéro (zay-ro)
One - un (unn with a slight exhale at the end)
Two - deux (duh)
Three - trois (tr-wah)
Four - quatre (cat-thruh)
Five - cinq (sank)
Six - six (sees with a sharp s at the end)
Seven - sept (set)
Eight - huit (wheat)
Nine - neuf (enough without the e)
Ten - dix (dees)
Eleven - onze (on-Z and the on is a nasally)
Twelve - douze (dooze, rhymes with booze)
Thirteen - treize(th-rez)
Fourteen - quatorze (ca-tores, tores rhymes with stores)
Fifteen - quinze (Ken's with a more z sound on the s)
Sixteen - seize (sez)

From seventeen to nineteen, the numbers start to become 10 + 7,8,9. More numbers will be similar to this rule, which I will talk about later.

Seventeen - dix-sept (pronounced exactly like how the two numbers are pronounced, except the dix is more di)
Eighteen - dix-huit (dee's-wheat)
Nineteen - dix-neuf (dee's-nuff)

Now that I have 1-19 listed, I can tell you that double-digit numbers follow two special rules. The first 69 have the multiple of ten + 1-10, and from 70-99 it follows a different, more complex rule. I will get into that later. So with the knowledge of 1-10, you can say numbers from 20-69. 
First I need to list the multiples of 10:

Twenty - vingt (ven with a nasal emphasis at the en. Like van, but the en it sort of felt at upper part of the back of your throat.)
Thirty - trente (tr-ont with a slight roll of the r)
Forty - quarante (ka-ron-TUH with a slightly extended a sound)
Fifty - cinquante (sink-aunt)
Sixty - soixant (swa-SONT with a bit of nasal at the NT part)\

With these multiples of numbers listed, you are ready to start counting from 0-69. From 20 and onwards till 69, the numbers are said like 17, 18, and 19. Just the multiple of ten plus the number from 1-9, depending on what you want. For instance, 34 is trente quatre. Pronounce trente and quatre and you have 34! I'm not going to list all the numbers here, because it is very simple and just needs some practice to get perfect. But do remember that the first of every number from 20-60 (such as 21, 31, 41, etc.) has a different pronunciation. The multiples of 10 are pronounced with an EH, but 70, 80, and 90 are an exception to the rule.

Moving on to the next set of numbers, which is 70-99, the numbers start to become a bit like an equation. I will list out the multiples of 10 first:

Seventy - soixante-dix (swa-SONT and dee's with a sharp s)
Eighty -  quatre-vingt (cat-thruh and nasally ven)
Ninety - quatre-vingt-dix (say eighty and ten)

So, you can maybe tell how the numbers are formed, but I'll explain anyway. Seventy is 60 + 10, and 71-79 is 60 + 10-19. For example, 76 is soixante seize, which is 60 + 16. Eighty is multiplication, and the number is formed 4 x 20. So from 81-89, the numbers with be 4 x 20 + 1-9. And if you remember BEDMAS, you would multiply first and then add. You can also look at it as 21-29 + 60. Now 90 is more tricky than both eighty and seventy because it incorporates the multiplication from forming 80 and the addition of 10-19. Meaning, 98 would be quatre vingt dix huit, which is 80 + 18. All the numbers from 91-99 are the same, but don't worry, because the hundreds to be a bit easier than pronouncing 90. 

100 is cent. And multiples of 100 follow:

100 - cent (soh-N. Like saying son, but the N is very sharp, short, and a bit nasally.)
200 - deux cent (Just saying 2 and 100)
300 - trois cent (straight forward)
400 - quatre cent
500 - cinq cent
600 - six cent
700 - sept cent
800 - huit cent
900 - neuf cent

As you can probably guess, the hundreds are just 1-9 multiplied by 100. And you can also probably infer that the numbers will be longer and maybe more tricky to say. But practice makes perfect, and I'm here to help, so don't fret. Telling numbers in the hundred is just stating the multiple of 100, and then the double-digit number itself. Pretty simple. An example would be 850 - huit cent cinquant, 800 + 50. 999 would be neuf cent quatre vingt dix neuf. Yes, that's a mouthful, but with practice, you can say it fluently and sounds as smooth as an Olympic diver cutting the water. 1000 is mille, and they are the same as the hundreds, just 1-9 multiplied by 1000. However, the numbers only get longer from there, so I think this is an excellent place to end.

Hopefully, these instructions have been concise and helpful and will aid you on your journey to easy counting in French.
