---
title: "My Birthday"
slug: "birthday.md"
date: "2021-03-21"
---
Yesterday, the 20th of March, was my birthday, and it was pretty fun. I ended up getting what I wanted, even though I got absolutely siked by my parents. There were decorations put up by my family, and at the stroke of midnight, when it officially turned Saturday, my dad and I went out to get A&W. Apparently, my family was hungry after putting up the decorations for me, so they wanted some burgers (When we got there my dad ended up ordering wraps and fries, so the burger idea was dashed). I was already in bed and sleeping before my dad woke me up to go get the food. I was still immensely sleepy after the warm food and headed straight to bed even after I was offered to open my presents at 1 in the morning. 

A few hours later, I woke up at around 8 and promptly got out of bed because lying there wouldn't help me do anything. An hour later, my parents woke up to have breakfast. I was still upstairs at the time, and the funny thing was they found me lying in bed. Then they took me downstairs after wishing me a happy birthday. Then my grandma gave me a red pouch with 100 dollars in it, which I wasn't expecting. I did not feel any different even though I am fourteen now, and I still don't. After my grandma wished me a happy birthday. Going into breakfast I was still a bit groggy from waking up, so I can't remember what I had for breakfast. 
I think it was birthday cake because I remember cutting it that morning. While I was in the middle of it, my aunt called me to wish me a happy birthday, and during that conversation, I ended up opening my presents. 
The first one was a stormtrooper figurine from my sister, and then a bottle of body wash from my parents. I wasn't fazed at all, because the present I was asking for was 200 dollars, so I wasn't surprised that I didn't get it. But then my mom went and got another wrapped gift, and I knew what it was. It was what I was wishing for, the Steelseries Arctis 7. The Arctis 7 is a wireless gaming headset, with a sleek design and lossless sound quality. I was very happy, and wouldn't have minded if nothing else happened for the rest of the day. 

After breakfast, I went along with my parents to open up my bank account, which we didn't end up doing. However, we did end up going to my aunt's house to pick up my present from her, which was a backpack. What I didn't know was that one of my friends was going to text me during the car ride home. It was about free medium fries from McDonald's, which is a short walk from my home. So we both agreed on a time to walk there and have lunch. When we got home, I offered to accompany my dad to go and pick up the 19 bags of soil my mom ordered at No Frills. That side adventure put me half an hour late with my friend, but they didn't mind so after 30 minutes of heavy lifting the frozen bricks of soil and manure, I got home and met up with my friend. Then we proceeded to McDonald's where I ordered a 10 piece chicken nugget combo meal, consisting of nuggets, barbecue sauce, a medium Sprite, and medium fries. After bringing it home, I ate it while in a voice call with the boys on Discord. The rest of the afternoon went well, and later that night at around 9 pm my class gathered on Discord to have a movie night where we watched Grown Ups 2.

So all in all, it was a pretty fun birthday.
