---
title: "How video games can be good for you (in my opinion)"
slug: "health"
date: "2021-08-15"
---

I think many people paint video games as a mind-numbing, brain-rotting attention-sucking thing that is a bad thing. But I and a lot of others don't believe the same thing. Video games can be a bad thing, like when it becomes an addiction. But when it's at a moderated usage, then it's not so bad. Many players worldwide have turned gaming into their careers. For example, if you're a professional Valorant or CS:GO (Counter-Strike: Global Offensive) player, that means that you have to put in hours of practice every day and constantly grind to become a better player individually and as a team. Since Valorant and CS:GO are both tactical shooters, every player on a team is assigned a specific role as to what they need to do. The coaches have to also participate with the teams, as he's one of the most vital members on the roster. His job is to work closely with the players, regulate practices and schedules, develop strategies that help the team win, boost morale, and ensure that the players are doing well physically and mentally. 

Many pro esports players have a very healthy lifestyle because they realize that 90% of their career is just sitting in a chair and staring at a screen. Esports can also be very stressful, especially after a bad loss or if a game or event isn't going the team's way. Therefore, esports players do physical exercise in addition to their 7-9 hours of in-game practice per day. They also take breaks from the game if they don't feel well mentally and physically, so the organization and the player can mutually agree to bench the player.  

One example is kennyS, a French sniper currently on the bench for G2 Esports' CS:GO roster. After a string of bad results, G2 and kennyS agreed that it would be best if he stepped down from the bench. Before his bench, Kenny played for four years with G2 and thought he needed to take some time off to rest himself from the stress and relentless schedule of a frontline player. Another reason was G2 was welcoming another star player into their roster, and another benched player would be brought back to fill the kennyS gap. So the transition to the bench was beneficial for both parties. Now, Kenny is flourishing as a content creator and streamer and deserves a break because when he was on the G2 roster, he was considered the #1 awper (The word "awper" means a person that took the role of awping. The "AWP" is a sniper in CS:GO that is easy to learn but hard to master. kennyS made it seem easy to use it, though. You can always request a separate essay on the AWP if you desire more information.) in all of Counter-Strike.

So after reading that, it makes sense that organizations in Esports want to keep their players happy and healthy because if they aren't, they might want to retire or take some time off. So that's one example of how video games aren't all that bad. Some might say that the pro players have addictions to their game, but if anything, I think most players like to take some time off the game and be away from it. Also, another reason that statement is false is that the entire job of an Esports athlete is to play the game. They found out that they had a talent with the game at a young age and decided to turn that talent into a career they have a passion for. Now that Counter-Strike teams have salaries, it's even better for the players. They get to play the game they love and can make good money from it, not to mention growing their popularity by winning events. Some players might even do some content creation and streaming on their breaks to discover new opportunities. 

Another reason games can be good is they can improve mechanical skills, such as communication, collaboration, creativity, problem-solving, attention to detail, etc. For example, tactical shooter games such as Counter-Strike, Valorant, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, etc., can improve communication, collaboration, creativity, attention to detail, memory, and reaction time all go hand-in-hand while playing the game. 
Muscle memory is also crucial in real life and games, so that might strengthen that skill. For example, Payday is a video game series that involves strategy, shooting, and cooperation to complete heists. In addition, strategy games such as League of Legends and civilization games expose the player to collaboration and critical thinking. Various logic games help with problem-solving and thinking out of the box(or in), such as a crossword or sudoku. 

A pastime many consider fun and beneficial is chess. It doesn't have the strain of blue light from a screen, but it could get stressful in matches, like in all games. However, it is a complete mental workout, as the game requires you to use your: 
- Cognitive abilities (to track your opponents' moves and make guesses as to what their next one might be).
- Memory (to try and think back to previous strategies and recall practical actions)
- Strategic thinking (finding new and creative ways to outmaneuver your opponents to take the victory)

So, in conclusion, video games are good in small doses, as are a plethora of other things in the world.
