---
title: "Cheat codes in real life"
slug: "cheating"
date: 2021-10-03"
---

While cleaning an attic, I found an ancient dust-covered book. Its title reads "Cheat Codes for Universe XT-1138." Inside are depictions of strange dance-like movements, next to which are phrases like "infinite health." On a whim, I decided to try one of these movements out, and it worked.

As I stood there in shock, I decided to go to the kitchen and pick up a knife. Even as I raised the knife to stomach level, I thought this could be one of the stupidest decisions I've ever made, and if I lived, then I would never take my life for granted again. And with that final thought, I plunged the knife into my abdomen. As I watched the knife penetrate my skin as smooth as butter, I had a fleeting idea of whether or not I would feel pain. And there was the irony again, as when that thought passed, I felt an intense searing pain in my lower half. On instinct, I went to pull the knife out from the intensity, but I remembered that I would have blood pouring out on the floor if I did that. So with a bit of panic, I went back to the book to try and find a code for instant healing. When I saw it, I thanked God for a simple procedure of licking my lips five times. Fighting through the stabbing pains(no jokes), I managed to heal the cut in me with the knife's handle sticking out. As I eased it out, my brain started to act like a pinball machine with ideas pinging from all over the place. 

  To list a few, I could: 
  Be the richest in the world
  Be a superhero
  Get anything I want, whenever I wanted it
  Shape and mould the world as I see fit
  With this newfound power, I went about my day normally, not wanting to give anything away. I went to school the next day, knowing I could quit school at any given moment should I have the urge to. Heck, I could inherit all the knowledge from past, present and future. But fortunately for the education system, my day went well, so I didn't vaporize the building.
After I got home from school, I got extremely bored of my actual video games I decided that I felt very bored, so I decided to go play the game of life(And no, not the game "The Game of Life") I stepped outside and breathed in the fresh air, took in the chirping of birds, and felt the cool breeze of air on my face. Then I performed the manoeuvre for flight and off I went. That week went like a cannon after I started using the cheats. 

Here's a short compendium of what happened exactly:

  I took a flight to America for some In-N-Out burger  
  Went to Italy to grab some authentic gelato  
  Was flying to Mongolia before flying back to Italy and getting a pizza  
  Flew out to Buffalo to eat some wings   
  Flew to Ukraine to see some of my favourite professional esports players  
  Teleported to Japan for some sushi  
  Arrived in Mexico for some chocolate  
  Went to Switzerland for some chocolate  
  Went to Scandinavia and looked around  
  Went to Germany and drank some beer  

Ok yes, most of my adventures were food-filled escapades, but I had broadened my horizons and travelled the world. I spent a few months like this, just having fun and blowing off steam, until one day where everything took a very wrong turn. 

I first noticed it when I turned the corner to my street and I saw a mysterious figure garbed in black I've never seen in my neighbourhood before standing conspicuously on the corner. When I had almost reached my house there were another two men sporting black trench coats, glasses, and fedoras walking towards me. When I saw a fourth and fifth joining them, I broke into a run and tried to get to my house before they closed the gap. As I set my foot on the driveway they pulled out some sort of gun and shot at me. Four out of five whizzed by me while the fifth caught me in the leg. It instantly turned into ice and immobilized me. Lying there on the floor, the one of the group stood over me, pulled out a tablet and read out the following:

"Mr. Aiden, we have been following you for a week now ever since you have been flagged on our moderation systems. We have taken note of your care-free gallivants, but have also taken into consideration that your actions haven't negatively affected anyone, we have sentenced you to a 5-day temporary ban from XT-1138. Be aware that further offences will result in lengthier bans. Goodbye now." 

And with that last statement, they disappeared, and so did my vision. When I tried to open my eyes again I prevailed in a room adorning a sign that said, "Waiting room."
