---
title: "Experiences of 2020-2021"
slug: "experiences-of-2020-2021
date: "2021-02-15"
---

You know, this year has been like a train ride. The initial ride was bumpy but still ok. Then Friday 13th hit, and the train, along with all of its carriages, got picked up off the track, thrown halfway across the earth, then pounded into oblivion. Basically, everything went to hell. It was one of those world-changing flipper events, like when Thanos snapped his fingers. It was a huge change. First, the whole world pretty much packed up and said, "Sayonara.", and promptly proceed not to go outside their houses. 

And then there's me. At first, I was delighted to just stay home, eat, sleep, and play video games. But then virtual started, and life went from ok to meh. It sucked. No offence to my teacher; however, I just didn't like online learning. But eventually, it ended, so that was fine. I got to watch Hamilton on Disney+, and I was hooked. I've memorized at least ten songs from the musical, and I sometimes listen to the tracks on Spotify, so that was a plus. Now that schools are open, I'm glad because I can get out of the house and I have things to do.

That was what I wrote last year. 

This year is a whole different story. I have been out of school for the past two months and doing online learning, which, as you know, I dislike. It started after the Christmas break when the Minister of Education announced that we would be doing online learning for a week after the Christmas break. But then that one week turned into two weeks, and then a month, and now we are here. 

To be honest, I thought 2021 was going to be a repeat of 2020, seeing as how online learning was slowly creeping up on us yet again. But, the Minister of Education has announced that we are going back to school on the 16th, right after the long weekend. 

I am writing this on Family Day, and what my mom told me to do today was mentally and physically prepare for the gruelling 7 hours of school every day. But this week will be a four day week, so it's not that bad I suppose. Then I also have to take all my textbooks and notebooks back to school over the course of four days as well. The reasoning behind that is my teacher had a feeling that our education would be plunged back into virtuality again, so during the last week of school, he told us to bring all our textbooks and notebooks home just in case his theory was right. 

Well, he was right. After all the joyous festivities of Christmas break, we learned the disappointing news of online learning. It wasn't that bad, because I was prepared for it. And thus, the journey to liberation began. 
 I went through a few strenuous weeks of online learning with the hope of seeing the brick walls of my school once more. Technically, I could've looked it up on google maps, but that's not the point. It also wasn't really strenuous, it just felt like that because I had to wait for the 16th. 

So far, I think I'm ready to go back to school. It seems as though this has all been God toying with us, or some other conspiracy theory. Did you know there is a conspiracy theory that we switched into an alternate universe because whenever you ask Siri, "How long is it until 2021?" it tells you some whack answer. Pretty bizarre, but I think Apple is just messing with us. Or maybe, it's the ghost of Steve Jobs. Whatever it is, I'm just hoping everything can return to normal soon.
