---
title: "Writer's Block"
slug: "writers-block"
date: "2021-03-14"
---
Writer's block is a very annoying and persistent thing, and another very annoying thing is having to write this essay or any of the essays I've written. I just don't see a point in it. Sure, it might help improve my writing, but why can't we leave that to the schools? They teach me well enough. What, the education system isn't great, but it's probably better than America's education system, correct? But a plus side to writing essays is I learned a vital tool instrumental in completing essays. I was told to fill up the lines with random bullcrap to fill up lines. You may see it injected somewhere between the lines, and I won't try to apply the art of subtlety either. What this means is, at random intervals during paragraphs, I may or may not go off on some random tangent regarding a subject utterly irrelevant to the current topic. Honestly, I forgot the topic I was supposed to be writing about. Eh, if I can't remember it, then my brain probably deemed it unfit to be labelled as critical.

I have a mental question for you all. What is heavier, 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers? Someone that thinks impulsively will have blurted out bricks because when you're comparing two objects based on weight, what comes to mind? BRICKS. And that's what their thought process just got hit with on the cranium. This conundrum might also have befallen a person hearing this for the first time. A sensible person that has already listened to a question like this will have said they're the same weight.
A person that hasn't heard this but can think before answering might also say they're equally heavy. However, today I found a deeper, more complex understanding of the question. You see, I was scrolling through my Instagram page, bored when I happened to chance upon a peculiar post someone made. 'Twas about the question at the beginning of this paragraph, and the person answered it with "Feathers. It's feathers because you also have to carry the emotional burden of what you did to the poor chickens or geese to get those feathers." Very intense plot twist, which was not anticipated. So, yeah, if anyone asks me something similar to that involving an animal, I know my answer beforehand.

I think I was supposed to be writing about writer's block, but I guess I stepped on that block and made it into a small, flat rectangle of unhindered, free-flowing words.
