---
title: "Song to Woody"
slug: "bobdylan"
date: "2021-10-17"
---

Song to Woody - Bob Dylan

This essay is my interpretation of the Bob Dylan song _Song to Woody_

_Song To Woody_ is a song from the 1960s on the album Bob Dylan, and from that title, I can already start to infer it might be a song written for someone. So I shall go paragraph by paragraph and write my thoughts on each one.

> I’m out here a thousand miles from my home
> Walkin’ a road other men have gone down
> ‘I’m seein’ your world of people and things
> Your paupers and peasants and princes and kings

From what I see here, it sounds as if he’s lived somewhere else that maybe his friends or family lives, and it’s a huge variety of things. According to the last line, there might also be the possibility he’s seen a society with the middle class, higher class, etc.

> Hey, hey Woody Guthrie, I wrote you a song
> ‘Bout a funny ol’ world that’s a-comin’ along
> Seems sick an’ it’s hungry, it’s tired an’ it’s torn
> It looks like it’s a-dyin’ an’ it’s hardly been born

It seems here that, from some research, this is a song to Woody Guthrie, a famous character in American folk music. So Bob Dylan wrote this song for Woody Guthrie, and on further research, it appears that Woody influenced Bob, who decided to follow the same path of music as Woody. The next three lines of the song look to me as if he’s talking about the earth. I’m not sure if the general population were very aware of the damage done to the earth, but these lines seem to fit. He may be referencing something else, but this is all I can glean.

> Hey, Woody Guthrie, but I know that you know
> All the things that I’m a-sayin’ an’ a-many times more
> I’m a-singin’ you this song, but I can’t sing enough
> ’Cause there’s not many men that done the things that you’ve done

At first glance, this looks as if he’s in awe of Woody because Bob says that he can’t match Woody’s work and that not many people can accomplish as much as him. So this could just be about Woody’s success.

> Here’s to Cisco and Sonny and Lead Belly too
> An’ to all the good people that traveled with you
> Here’s to the hearts and the hands of the men
> That come with the dust and are gone with the wind
 
This paragraph starts off with three names, who appear to be friends of Woody Guthrie. Cisco Houston, Sonny Terry, and Lead Belly were all folk/blues music artists. Cisco Houston was very closely associated with Woody, while Sonny and Lead collaborated with Woody at some point. Why Bob Dylan didn’t pick other names, I’m not sure, but these three people must’ve had some sort of solid connection with Woody Guthrie besides singing with him. But what I forgot to notice was the following line, which says _ An’ to all the good people that travelled with you,_ which I think is mentioning everyone else that had worked with Woody. The last two lines might reference the fact that Cisco and Woody served in World War 2, where they regularly performed to boost the morale of troops. (From further research, it appears that Cisco, Sonny, Lead, and Woody were all revered by Bob Dylan, who was a part of the new generation of folk song artists.)

> I’m a-leavin’ tomorrow, but I could leave today
> Somewhere down the road someday
> The very last thing that I’d want to do
> Is to say I’ve been hittin’ some hard travelin’ too

This last paragraph has me kind of lost, like the second paragraph, because I can’t think of any ways this can tie into the previous thoughts. A possibility is he is talking about his retirement, from the statement of leaving the road that instant, or leaving sometime in the future. In this manner, the road could be his career, and the last line might be about not taking his career for granted when he has left the music industry.

That’s all for this song, but come back next week for another!
