---
title: "God is bored"
slug: "trolled"
date: "2022-03-13"
---

DISCLAIMER: THIS IS ALL FICTION

One day, the entire world came to a single, undeniable realization. God is real and very bored. 

The epiphany came in the middle of a gloomy day in downtown Toronto when a huge shining light burst through the clouds and said, "What's up my people" in a booming voice and then disappeared. It was a very surreal experience, and it went viral soon after. In a short 5 hour period the entire world had viewed multitudes of clips with footage of God, and everyone decided while there was no other explanation, it was indeed God. 

However, even after the entire world had a mutual agreement that it was God, the Catholics weren't satisfied. After the uproar in the community about this so-called God, Pope Francis pleaded for all churches to pray for another sign. So the Catholics began to shout at the sky, "GIVE US ANOTHER SIGN!" 

And God must've been paying attention or very bored, because shortly after the Catholics started to yell at the sky, God inscribed into the sun a sentence that read, "I AM TRYING TO SLEEP LEAVE ME ALONE." Once word spread about God writing on the sun, scientists went to study the sun and these words. They only managed to get a few pictures and samples before the words evaporated. With this information, the world's leading scientists determined that it was a supernatural occurrence, as the words were made of an ore that's never been seen before. Upon further examination and breaking down the ore, it was found out to be a combination of tanzanite and hardened lava. The odd thing was, there was an abundance of tanzanite in the rocks, which was a marvel because tanzanite was a rare material.

The third sign that convinced everyone fully was when God rained down prepaid Visa cards loaded with $100,000 each, and this completely crashed the economy and brought down the value of everything because, for the most part, people were buying cryptocurrencies and NFTs. At this point, people realized God was just trolling because the next day he returned the bank balance of everyone to before, and undid every transaction from those Visa cards.

God also sent some asteroids very close to earth without hitting the earth, and it was got so close at some point that the earth started trembling when one passed through the atmosphere. After this happened, there was a great cry on social media for having a God that gave them and then taketh away. God must've had social media as well because God messaged every Instagram account from his saying, "HAHA LOL." He also amassed a following of 2 billion people that way and singlehandedly crashed Instagram's servers for a day. 

In the meanwhile, I was watching all of these events unfold in the comfort of my room with great amusement, when I suddenly heard a voice saying, "Aiden, Aiden, wake up." Then I fell backwards in my chair and my eyes snapped open, and I remembered that I fell asleep in church. That was a very spiritual dream I thought to myself, and this must be what people are talking about when they say they received a vision from God. But I swear as I was leaving the church I saw the moon winking at me.

