---
title: "Doug Ford Refunds"
slug: "premier"
date: "2022-05-04"
---

Doug Ford is a politician in the Conservative Party of Canada. And right now, he’s giving Ontarians back the money that was paid for license plate renewal from the last two years. Coincidentally, this is happening a month before the next provincial election in June. Or is it a coincidence? A lot of Ontarians seem to think otherwise. To most, this is just a way to buy votes for the upcoming election, but others think it’s just the regular pre-election vote grabs. It’s also illegal to straight-up buy votes with money, but what he’s doing isn’t technically illegal, even if it smells like it. 

However, Premier Ford seems to be very committed to winning, because he has also removed tolls on the 412 and 418 highways in the Durham Region. His government has made a slew of promises, including lowering gas prices by 5.7 cents per litre and spending $1 billion over 8 years on power lines in Windsor, London and Sarnia. The catch is, that all these promises come with great losses in revenue and tax dollars, around $1.5 billion lost. 

A lot of Ontarians will probably take the refund cheque and donate it to another organization that can use the money, like a local hospital or something to support Ukraine. It was pretty obvious from the beginning that this was to promote the CPC (Conservative Party of Canada), and that Premier Ford seems to be intent on succeeding in the present rather than having a viable plan for the future. On top of that, all of his government’s promises will cost a lot, and there’s no answer to how he is going to recoup those losses for other essentials, like more hospital beds and nurses. 

Now, the statements above aren’t my words, I just read some articles on this matter and pieced together those paragraphs. If I was asked what I thought, my first answer would be it doesn’t matter to me, because I don’t care for politics. But if I’m pressed for an answer, like in this essay, I would say that it doesn’t make sense to vote for Doug Ford after this. Yes, he’s still gonna have supporters, and the lowering of gas prices is a big incentive, especially for those who own a vehicle and have to fill up a bit more than usual at a higher price.


For instance, he might win votes in the suburbs, where there are a lot of people who might need to drive to work. If the CPC is elected, I think Canada would be in a very bad place, especially if they went through with those promises. Canada right now isn’t that great either, but it’s getting worse and if the CPC is elected then it would get very bad, losing all that money for those projects and not having a way to even out the money deficit.

