---
title: "Why NAVI lost to FaZe"
slug: "esports"
date: "2022-06-09"
---

Recently, PGL Major Antwerp 2022 concluded with FaZe Clan winning 2-0 over Natus Vincere, and there are a few reasons why. I'll be writing about the three main reasons I think they lost the grand final and why they lost. 

Reason One: 
Pressure. There was a lot of pressure on NAVI to win the second major in a row after they had won PGL Major Stockholm 2021, the first major trophy won for the entire roster. (That victory marked the end of a drought for "s1mple", a Ukrainian sniper that is considered the world's best CS:GO player, who hadn't won a major his entire career, one that started in 2013.) NAVI's 2022 started shaky, with the whole CS community speculating it would take NAVI sometime before they found their previous form. As 2022 progressed it did seem as if they were slowly getting back into their 2021 Major form when the invasion of Ukraine surprised the world. 
Keep in mind, that Natus Vincere is an esports organization based in Kyiv, Ukraine, which is the capital city. Their roster also fielded 3 Russian players, and it's clear how that can be a conflict of interest. The CEO of NAVI released a statement that they would cut ties with anyone that lived in Russia and paid taxes to the Russian Federation. He also said that he had hopes of helping Russian-based individuals within the organization to relocate, but wouldn't work with anyone in Russia. 
Going into PGL Major Antwerp 2022, the entire NAVI roster had a lot on their minds, especially the Ukrainian players worrying about their country and friends and family. The Russian players also had to think about whether or not they wanted to relocate or risk being released from the org. On top of that, one Russian player, "electroNic" had a wife and kids in Russia. "Boombl4" recently married to a wife in Russia, and there were allegations that she had liked some pro-war Instagram posts. 

Reason Two:
Emotion. At the starting matches of the Major, NAVI seemed cool, calm, and collected as they went 3-0 in the group stages. But during the quarters, semis, and even the grand final s1mple was seen to be letting his emotions get to him, therefore putting him off his game and tilting him. s1mple was also not performing up to his usual standard, but he slowly got back into superstar form during the semis. In the grand final s1mple was also quiet, but that was also the match where his emotions fully put him off his game. His final stats had him with a negative Kill/Death ratio, which was unusual for him. 

Reason Three: 
Not enough practice. It's not too surprising that NAVI didn't practice or play as much as normal with the whole Ukraine invasion going on, but that is another factor. FaZe was way more in shape than NAVI was, and that ended up showing throughout the two maps that were played. Even on NAVI's map pick, FaZe managed to outplay them and stay one step ahead of them tactically, which resulted in NAVI losing a lot of rounds and eventually the game. NAVI seemed not prepared to fight against FaZe, and it always seemed like FaZe had an edge with every gunfight they took. FaZe did also snowball during the early rounds of both maps, and they rode that momentum to 
